A non-blocking socket operation could not be completed immediately.A blocking operation is currently executing.An operation was attempted on a non-blocking socket that already had an operation in progress.An operation was attempted on something that is not a socket.A required address was omitted from an operation on a socket.A message sent on a datagram socket was larger than the internal message buffer or some other network limit, or the buffer used to receive a datagram into was smaller than the datagram itself.A protocol was specified in the socket function call that does not support the semantics of the socket type requested.An unknown, invalid, or unsupported option or level was specified in a getsockopt or setsockopt call.The requested protocol has not been configured into the system, or no implementation for it exists.The support for the specified socket type does not exist in this address family.The attempted operation is not supported for the type of object referenced.The protocol family has not been configured into the system or no implementation for it exists.An address incompatible with the requested protocol was used.Only one usage of each socket address (protocol/network address/port) is normally permitted.The requested address is not valid in its context.A socket operation encountered a dead network.A socket operation was attempted to an unreachable network.The connection has been broken due to keep-alive activity detecting a failure while the operation was in progress.An established connection was aborted by the software in your host machine.An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.An operation on a socket could not be performed because the system lacked sufficient buffer space or because a queue was full.A connect request was made on an already connected socket.A request to send or receive data was disallowed because the socket is not connected and (when sending on a datagram socket using a sendto call) no address was supplied.A request to send or receive data was disallowed because the socket had already been shut down in that direction with a previous shutdown call.Too many references to some kernel object.A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond.No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it.Cannot translate name.Name component or name was too long.A socket operation failed because the destination host was down.A socket operation was attempted to an unreachable host.Cannot remove a directory that is not empty.A Windows Sockets implementation may have a limit on the number of applications that may use it simultaneously.Ran out of quota.Ran out of disk quota.File handle reference is no longer available.Item is not available locally.